c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\signalR.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\signalR.Tests.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\signalR.Tests.pdb
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\signalR.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\signalR.pdb
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\obj\Debug\signalR.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\obj\Debug\signalR.Tests.dll
c:\users\nemo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\signalR\signalR.Tests\obj\Debug\signalR.Tests.pdb
